Notes 12/2-16
- Pre meeting
Can change to different types of particles
Have not tested genie simulation yet, neutrinos are out.
Saba, Python script to do analysis.
How qiD charge.


- Discuss the release, limitations and status.
Ryan & Patrik
Release today, still mu+ and mu- difference in rec. limits for high pt, no dip since we do fitting properly 10hits. Simple estimate for 4-10 hits. above 10 helical fit. up to tracks that go through the detector.

Still need to look at second lever arm.
Saba, start looking at second lever arm.
Need to work to rename root tree.

- Progress of framework for multiple developers
Patrik updated, glasgow uni jenkins and redmine
Now to get github, email ryan to participate (push)
Can be downloaded publicaly from github.

- Discuss this weeks update meeting.
Ryan & Patrik
Proposal:
On the basis on his slide 3, 
If geometry is only used in geant, probably not a big change to add GDML as geometry handling.
We can not acces their code, want some parts, we can manage the merge and manage the code. Need discussion with INR.
They have data handeling, we do not. Do we want a MIDAS based system?
We would like to use GDML for geometry.
Python wraper, want something similar.

How to merge, seems to have to take parts from each of the different software packages. 
How do we pass events?
Event formats

Etam Suggest, we handle setup of software, share link with Sascha. Ask for him to give us software suite and we put it on github.
All usage is done from glasgow repo.
Etam will send first email.
Forward my notes.

By next meeting, hopefuly have Sascha onbord this meeting.
Until Wednessday forward email to Sascha with a doodle with proposal 
Etam will handle communication.

Patrik will update on software status and framework.
