Meeting notes 11/3 -16

- Discuss the digitisation and electronics.
Patrik mentioned that the saroman simulation now only uses one sppm, he saw that in one meeting note there was noted that 2 sppm are used. Is there a general document (being updated), that contains the current information about the detector? 

Etam wondering how muon and electron are distinguished in the digitization. 
Ryan:
Not cheating to use the particle ID information from the simulation. Can also use the timing information. Just needs to be used in the digitization. 

We need to use the timing information to distinguish between muon and electron in the digitization. 

Use edms for documents.

- Discuss the use of timing to differentiate between on-time and off-time hits.
Etam mentioning his email.

Patrik mentioning that this should be possible to fix, this time is not yet used.

- Discuss different physics packages.
Patrik: What should really be used?
Etam: Not much difference between packages, look at timing information first.

Ryan: We know people that have worked on this before, would be good to ask/consult. 

Tie in real physics data with the models that are used in Geant.

- Progress of framework for multiple developers
Progress next week.

- Current progress
Problem with recpack, fitting not working with mixing regions, even when fitting only 2 hits are fitted. The seed is better than the final results since recpack is failing.

- Merging software
Tatiana: Moving software to git, not sure when this will be done. 
Etam: Glasgow is setting up a private repository which will hold both codes.
